[SHIMMERING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The last divine power is
really the fact that the free
will is sacred.
That means that nobody
can change our free will.
Yeah.
Sometimes people might
imagine that they
can change the others.
OK.
I'm going to change your life.
Or now I'm going to
help you to change
your life, and et cetera.
In a relationship this is
working not always very well.
But also when people
are attending the class,
or they are going in
a spiritual research,
they imagine that the
teachers or the master
can really change them.
But we have to be
very aware of the fact
that nobody can change nobody.
So you might not be
aware about that,
but this is possible only
through the expression
of your free will.
And this is also, in a
large expression of this,
not even God, whatever it is
your idea of gods, whatever
is your idea of divinity, can
change the free will of humans.
This is very important.
We can, let's say,
be in a context
that it looks in a certain way.
We might be, let's
say, invited to do,
or to think, or to imagine
something in a certain way.
But the last word is ours.
So it's yours.
It's your free will.
And it's very important
to get back this power,
cause this is the power.
And it's the only power
that can bring us back
to reawaken our inner god.
But it is the only
power that will
bring us back the
possibility to enlighten
ourself, to
metamorphosize ourself,
to spiritualize the method.
Only through the free
will we can do that.
And obviously, as
I was referring
before, the free will,
it goes at the same time
with that sense
of responsibility.
Because being responsible
of our choices
is the capacity to then
transform ourselves.
So action, continuing
in the action, and then
a transformation is there.
It's part of what we call
the quest, the aid quest,
from where we are describing
the path to the enlightenment.
First quest is action.
The second quest is to
continue in that action.
The third is the
transformation that
is becoming as a consequence of
this constant in our actions.
Probably talking
about the time travel,
you might think about it, or
you might question yourself
about which is the karma
of an action of that,
of how this is going
to influence my karma.
Or what could be the
beneficial for me as a time
traveler to do an
experience like that?
Well, we don't have to forget
that an experience like
that, it is not a technique
that you use, let's say,
to improve yourself or to
grow, spiritually speaking.
It's an instrument.
And it is an instrument
that in this case,
it makes things possible not
for you, but for a bigger
reason, for a bigger aim,
for a bigger mission that
is not about you or your people,
but is really about human kind.
This is very important.
Because it's like
an astro travel that
is a technique that I can learn
to create with myself to then
explore, to then reach,
to then make experiences
that are transforming my life.
Now time travel, it's
not something like that.
It is always something that
is at the service of something
bigger than you.
This is the reason
why, in a certain way,
it's not that personally
you're going to get something.
But let's say, as human
kind you can get something.
Which is the effect
of the karma?
Well, I would say that there's
no effect on the karma,
individually.
Well, obviously, also the
action of a time traveler
is creating karma.
That's for sure.
But in terms of the effects
into time, the effect that
is going to be
created here now, we
are not changing
the karma of people.
No.
We are creating a
different context.
That means that we are
creating different opportunity.
We create, let's say, an
environment that could be,
let's say, more welcome
for the expression, again,
of evolution, of complexity.
But don't forget that
even if we are creating
the most beautiful context,
the most spiritual context,
so is the free will
of the individual that
are producing the karma.
Nothing else.
So I can create a
beautiful environment,
and then doing action
against others,
I can destroy
instead of creating.
I can be at the service
instead of serve my ego.
So, again, one more
time, we are still
the lord, the master of our
lives, thanks to the fact
that the free will is sacred.
So if we already have to deal
with our parts and our use
of the free will, we
know that we are also
under the influences
of the enemy.
It's always there.
Actually, probably it's there
exactly when we are not aware.
Where is the enemy?
Inside of us.
Where there are the fears.
When there is insecurity.
Where there limitations.
Where there are our dark side,
the side that we know we have,
but we don't want to face,
or we are scared to face.
Or we are trying to
avoid or to control.
So the parts need what?
They need light.
They need transformation.
They need the
attention, even if I
don't like them, even if
it makes me feel weak,
or make me face part of me that
I hate, that I really refuse.
But I have it.
So I need to accept
that I have also this.
It's easy.
It's difficult. Well,
welcome into life.
That is, again, how we are
able to manage all of this.
The direction is the
direction of transformation.
But, again, we might
avoid that direction.
We might try to
stop the direction.
We might try to put
resistance in that direction.
And I don't want to justify
ourself, saying, oh, this
is the enemy.
Because it doesn't matter.
At the end, it's my free will.
But definitely the enemy
is playing a very big game,
and it is sometimes that
feeling of go against yourself.
You're doing so
well, and then boom.
Oh, my goodness.
I did again that kind of thing.
So why was I so stupid to
do these kind of things?
Well, besides the synchronicity
that bring everything
to have a meaning, there is
also the plan of the enemy.
And remember this
element is important,
because it's a battle.
It's a battle that we're
fighting every day.
And the little things, as in
the major of things of life.
We talk in another episode
about the past life.
And I talk about past lives,
that they have another weight,
let's say.
They are very significant
for our soul journey.
Well, I can tell you,
this life, and it
doesn't matter what is going
on in your personal life
at this moment, this is
one of these crucial lives,
the one that probably is
opening many possibilities
for a lot of our future life.
So spending this life
in the best way we can,
it is one of the biggest
goals for all of us.
Obviously we talk about
spending according
to our spiritual
values, according
to our spiritual reawakening.
But, again, I'm sure
that if you are here
and you're listening
to my words,
it's because there is a very
important, specific reason.
So that's a reason why we bring
the experience of the time
travel, like one
of the many others,
One of the many possible
spiritual experiences.
Then as every experience,
it can enrich or not.
There could be a point
where to, let's say,
create the base of utter
change in your life,
or just being stuck
in your ego situation.
So obviously, it's always
an interesting game.
It's always an
interesting process.
And it doesn't
matter where you are.
You know that there is
something all the time more
that you can learn, and
that you can change,
or that you can transform.
So it's just another
step of the many steps
that you can do on the
path to the alignment.
Well, the idea that we
are moving in a sort
a web of multiple unlimited
possibilities, a matrix,
the idea of a time sphere
or a time territory,
that contain every
possible event,
it's really like
to imagine to move
in a web that is constantly
creating multiple infinite
possibilities.
And it also gives us
an incredible power,
because if we know--
and what it means to know?
Know means-- if,
through my free will,
we might open
consciousness, I know
what I desire, what
is my mission, what
I have to achieve, what
is my next step in life.
I mean, I have
unlimited possibility
to make this happen.
And if this does not happen,
well, it's for several reasons.
Or because this is
not what I have to do,
and my mind or my ego is telling
me, no, you have to do this.
No.
And then the example of
smashing the nose in the wall.
It is the universe
that is trying
to tell you that this is
not the direction, which
is the universe.
It is the synchronicity.
That guided by complexity,
say you, no, my dear.
This is not the way.
And if you go there,
bang, bang, bang.
Free will sometimes
doesn't agree.
But then sometimes
we can say, OK,
now that the nose is a little
bit not aligned anymore,
maybe I have to take
some other direction.
So when we know the direction
through these infinite possible
branches of time, we can
reach the destination,
if I can use this metaphor,
I mean, as fast as possible.
Because at that point,
it is the synchronicity
that is working for me.
And I guide the synchronicity
through my free will
to serve this stream of
events that will make
me do the things like this.
And then the right
person are arriving.
The right situation
are arriving.
The right possibility
But because I am ready
inside, I did a shift
that make me see these
events, like something
that can make me the shortcut
to where I want to land.
It's always like that.
Well, I can tell you, in some
moments, more than one moment
of my life, I felt to be
in that perfect stream.
Voom.
Where you got exactly with
an incredible perfect timing,
exactly everything you need.
But this was proportionate to
how this was close to me, me
as an individual, or
for my ego things.
Or, as more, this was for
a service, for a purpose.
It was something that
was detached from me,
or from my personal interest.
Then it was even more quick.
And I'm sure that in your
life you already cross
some of these moments.
I'm sure.
And these give you
also this feeling
of almost unlimited power,
OK, that is pretty, whew.
It's really a
wonderful sensation.
So what I'm telling you is that
we can live our life constantly
in that sensation.
That means that
we can accelerate
our process of enlightenment.
And that's also
probably the reason
why every spiritual research is
telling that we can enlighten.
We can do the
metamorphosis in one life.
It is possible technically.
Then unfortunately,
we still have the nose
not in the right position
against the wall.
But if we can listen to
the synchronicity, detached
by the effects of what we
imagine is the cause, effect
of things, well, then we
are just opening the wings,
and we are starting to fly.
Sometimes it is interesting.
We have to send back the person.
You know why?
Because the person is
in one of their first
incarnations in this planet.
So technically there's
nothing to research.
And the reason why we
are not researching
in past lives in
another planet is
because, obviously,
the logic of that life
will not be compatible,
let's say, with logic
that we can understood living
here on the planet Earth.
So we have to say, sorry,
we cannot do the research.
You're here as one of
the first incarnations.
So maybe there are the
other experiences more
suitable for your experience.
So that happens.
So again, when we
talk about evolution
we need to enlarge this concept
to make it really bigger,
and to fill also the
wholeness of the fact
that we are all one, but
not only in this planet,
but everything in
the universal form.
And imagine that we are changing
a stream of synchronicity that
is already playing the
perfect deal for us.
It's very interesting.
But we probably are forgetting
a couple of elements.
And without repeating
or bringing back
the element of the
separation of the timeline,
and is the fact that we are not
moving in a neutral context.
The universal form, there
is an element only inside
of the universal form.
But here is where
we are playing.
Here is where we
are doing things.
That is totally absolutely
against the evolution.
It's totally against the
spiritualization of the method.
It's totally against
about whatever
is the concept of life.
We talk about this element
with the name the enemy.
I know.
Talking about the enemy
is always a little bit
challenging, because
people, they might imagine,
positive and negative.
So in every situation
there is the white side
and the black side.
Well, the enemy,
it's something even
more challenging to understand.
But not because it's difficult
to understand, but really
to deal.
So the enemy is
not the negative.
The enemy is really the no life.
It's the nothingness, in the
true sense of whatever is going
to be against the evolution.
And we can see
the manifestation,
and the effect of
the enemy, at least,
in three different steps.
One is in the universal form.
It is what I just
said, the nothingness.
And it's only the
universal form,
because outside of the universal
form, the enemy doesn't exist.
The second manifestation
of the enemy
is what we are containing.
Yes.
Similar to the idea
of the original sin
of the Catholic religion,
when we are incarnated,
so when we are taking a
body-- and it doesn't matter
in which planet or in
which body we are using,
because we are in the form.
The form is already
containing the enemy.
So inside of me, inside of
you, inside of everyone,
we have this component
that we call the enemy.
The third manifestation
of the enemy
is what we call the
agents of the enemy.
That makes people,
individuals, civilization,
that they choose--
and it's very interesting
to say choose--
to serve the enemy.
So they choose to serve
the destruction instead
of the creation.
They choose to be against the
spiritualization of the method
instead of doing it.
We can see these elements all
along the history of humankind
in many different
moments, and in
many different crucial events.
Who knows.
Probably the same
asteroid that we've
been talking,
regardless the ending
of the Atlantis
civilization, who knows?
Maybe it was not
a natural event,
but an event that maybe is not
even so difficult to create.
And obviously, if
on the other side
there's not even the
attention that something
is going on, making a
very, very good effect
in terms of the enemy goals.
Because imagine in
terms of evolution what
it means to have Atlantis lost.
Remember, high
level of complexity,
collapsing of that complexity.
But what could be
even more interesting
is the affect inside of us.
And talking about
the enemy, it's
very important to
refer to the fact
that the enemy is not
from where we come from.
So remember the beginning
of the beginning,
the myth of the
mirror, when we talk
about this primeval
human divinity that
is this state that
we call the real.
And then we have
the threshold that
is the aura of what then we
call the universal form, where
we are in this moment.
And then there is this species
of these primedial human
divinity, what we
call the device part,
not only that are entering
from the real to the threshold,
and then here into
the universal form.
Where is the enemy?
The enemy is not in the real.
He's not even in the threshold.
It's only in the universal form.
This is the reason why we
have the enemy inside of us.
And the enemy is inside
of every single lifeform
that is in the universal form.
So how we can get rid
of the enemy finally?
Well, we get rid of the enemy
when there's no form anymore.
So exactly in that moment
that we call enlightenment.
Or one more time, in
spiritual physics,
we call it metamorphosis.
When we are metamorphosizing
ourself, what it means?
That balance between
mass and energy,
remember, spiritualization
of the method.
So I am accumulating more and
more energy instead of mass
until there is no mass anymore.
There's only energy.
There's only light.
So in that moment there
is no form anymore,
that there is no mass anymore.
We get rid of the enemy.
But only that moment.
And when we are getting rid of
this circle of reincarnation
that we are going
on, and on, and on,
and on, well, only when
we don't need anymore.
So until we are not
spiritualizing the matter,
there is still work left.
So unfortunately,
or fortunately, I
have to come back.
And come back.
And have the possibility
to leave the spirits.
And through this experience,
I transform myself.
To do what?
To accumulate more
experience, more information
to finally then enlighten
and metamorphosize myself.
At that point, no enemy anymore.
As individual, as divine
spark, or collectively,
when a sort of percentage
of this divine spark
will do the same, there's,
again, critical mass.
So not 100%.
But probably enough
percentage of them,
the entire universal form
will be transformed by energy.
So we will accomplish our main
goal, the spiritualization
of the universal form.
Until that moment, we
know, unfortunately, we
have to deal with this
force, with this element that
sometimes is not easy
to get completely.
That is what we call the enemy.
What are what we
call parallel worlds?
This is a term that probably
is familiar for some of you
and is very interesting.
What is a parallel world?
Or which is the
explanation that we
do in physical spirit,
the spiritual physics
in our spiritual path?
The parallel world.
It's literally a branch.
Probably a branch that
it's carry on something
that, in terms of
evolution, it's really high.
Or much higher of what has been
expressed by the main trunk.
It will happen.
Instead of collapse,
because it cannot collapse.
If it's still expressing,
if it's still, let's say,
following a higher
level of evolution,
and higher level of complexity,
it cannot literally collapse
on the main one.
So it's becoming literally
a branch strong enough
to be separated by the trunk.
Parallel world.
Parallel timeline.
Parallel branches that are
going to follow literally
a new timeline, or a timeline
that will never collapse,
but is still a parallel world.
That means that in
that parallel world,
everything is going to
grow, as in the trunk
of the other timeline.
I'm talking about
parallel world,
because these could be, for
example, one of the worlds
from where some
civilization, they just left.
You probably remember,
and I've been
talking in many other
episodes about the fact
that during the history of the
humankind, some civilization,
a civilization with the
knowledge, a civilization
that they knew how to manage all
these aspects, there is being
probably also some decision,
some use of the free will
from this civilization
to completely left,
left the planet, left this
time, because for them probably,
let's say, it was not worth it
anymore, or they didn't have
hope enough to save the planet
Earth, whatever it means now
save, without being
in a negative ideas.
But if you study the
Mayas, for example,
when they are going to be at
their top, all of a sudden,
they disappear.
The main city, the temples,
everything is completely empty.
Who is going to
stay are, let's say,
the farmers, the people
that were living,
let's say, aside of the
core of this civilization.
All the others, they look to
being completely disappeared.
And it's not that they are
going to find the body.
No.
They are literally disappearing.
But even if you study the
Incas, another very fascinating
civilization, it looks
very much still the same.
When they are at the
top of their evolution
of their civilization,
they simply disappeared.
The Etruscans,
this very unknown,
mysterious civilization in
the central part of Italy,
very well evolved.
And again, they
looks to disappeared.
And who knows how many
other civilizations
they did still the same?
So where did they go?
Well, one of the
possible interpretations
is literally to have been taking
one of these parallel worlds.
Obviously, talking
about time traveling
is not only to fascinate you.
In some of the possibility,
not the only one really.
To bring evolution.
In this case, also
to help us to keep
separated these
different timelines.
And you might also
be asking, how
is it possible to know which
events you need to change
to make this possible?
Because I mean, we are
talking about what?
An almost unlimited
stream of events
that are going to be
all connected to that.
Obviously, here we are going
more in the technology,
more in the technical
aspect of the time travel.
And in this case, I can
introduce the idea of chambers
of time observation.
We probably briefly
touched also this element.
It is exactly what
is needed to observe
the possible effect of time.
Otherwise, I have to
tell you, whatever
is going to be changed by
a time travel in the past,
it will reflect something
here into the present.
I might not even perceive
there is an effect done
by a time travel.
No.
It's been here.
Why?
Because in my perception,
in my perception
my mind is telling me,
there is only one time.
Here there is a past.
After there is a future.
And we'll talk about
the perception of time.
I will not fit it.
It will just come.
It will just happen.
And it was always there.
It has been always like this.
So not to have this
kind of not awareness.
You need to have places where
you can literally be outside
of time to observe time.
This is what we call the
chambers or observation
of time.
Where they are?
Well, in Damanhur
some of these places
are directly in the
temporal humankind,
and directly in this
underground temple
that we built, according
to ancient sacred geometry,
but also according to the
movements of what we mentioned
with the name synchronic lines.
And remember that
these are literally
the reverb, the highway of the
energy of the planet, energy
that is not just one.
So we are not just talking
about vital energy.
So the synchronic lines are
carrying on synchronic energy,
time energy, and many
other kinds of energy that
are extremely crucial to have,
let's say, the power enough
then to succeed in
what could be also
an inspiration,
or a time travel.
Many people specialize in that.
They can really literally
observe the geography of time.
Yes.
It could be funny to talk
about this about time.
But it is literally like that.
So compare.
And to see how this
stream might then
effect what's right now here.
Because this is, at this
moment, the most important place
for us.
Even if we're floating between
these different possibilities,
even if in this new
timeline we have still
time branches also
in the new timeline.
So the structures of time
that we've been describing
is the same one that is working
also in this new timeline.
And don't forget that.
But in all of this,
so the observation
of what is going
on in this moment
is obviously at this
time the most important.
Because this is where
I'm playing the game.
Or from where, at
this moment, my soul
is playing the main game,
knowing that, in any case,
the soul is standing
much more into this field
that we call time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]